RUM-5770 [Mobile Session Replay] Update documentation with Fine-Grained Masking (#25194)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile/privacy_options.md

## Configuring masking modes

## Fine-Grained Masking

> Using the masking modes below, you can override the default setup on a per-application basis. Masking is fine-grained — you can override masking for text and inputs, images, and touches individually to create a custom configuration that suits your needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the masking modes below, you can override the default setup on a per-application basis. Masking is fine-grained, which means you can override masking for text, text inputs, images, and touches individually to create a custom configuration that suits your needs. 
```

Author: additionally, the privacy setting for text and inputs is a single setting so dividing them here may be confusing to customers who would expect separate apis for each one.

Reviewer: @mariedm and @jonathanmos thank you both for the clarification. I've changed my suggestion back to the original text but kept "which means"

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}
{{< code-block lang="kotlin" filename="application.kt" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

    val sessionReplayConfig = SessionReplayConfiguration.Builder([sampleRate])
    .setImagePrivacy(ImagePrivacy.MASK_ALL)
    .build()
    SessionReplay.enable(sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}
{{< code-block lang="swift" filename="AppDelegate.swift" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

    let sessionReplayConfig = SessionReplay.Configuration(
        replaySampleRate: sampleRate, 
        textAndInputPrivacyLevel: textAndInputPrivacyLevel,
        imagePrivacyLevel: .maskAll,
        touchPrivacyLevel: touchPrivacyLevel
    )
    SessionReplay.enable(with: sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Mask content images
To manage content masking while still showing system images, users can choose the following options:

On iOS, users can select the `mask_non_bundled_only` setting, which replaces any image that is not part of the system with a "Content Image" placeholder.

> On Android, users can select the `mask_large_only`  setting, which replaces images whose dimensions exceed 100x100dp with a "Content Image" placeholder. Note that these dimensions refer to the drawable resource, not the view's size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Android, users can select the `mask_large_only` setting, which replaces images with dimensions that exceed 100x100dp with a "Content Image" placeholder. 

**Note**:  that these dimensions refer to the drawable resource, not the view's size.
```

    )
    SessionReplay.enable(with: sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Show all images
With the `mask_none` setting enabled, all images are shown in the replay.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}
{{< code-block lang="kotlin" filename="application.kt" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

    val sessionReplayConfig = SessionReplayConfiguration.Builder([sampleRate])
    .setImagePrivacy(ImagePrivacy.MASK_NONE)
    .build()
    SessionReplay.enable(sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}
{{< code-block lang="swift" filename="AppDelegate.swift" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

    let sessionReplayConfig = SessionReplay.Configuration(
        replaySampleRate: sampleRate, 
        textAndInputPrivacyLevel: textAndInputPrivacyLevel,
        imagePrivacyLevel: .maskNone,
        touchPrivacyLevel: touchPrivacyLevel
    )
    SessionReplay.enable(with: sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Touch masking
By default, the `hide` setting is enabled for all touches. With this setting enabled, all touches on screen are hidden.

#### Hide all touches

> With the `hide` setting enabled, all touches that occur during the replay will be hidden. This is the default setting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `hide` setting enabled, all touches that occur during the replay are hidden. This is the default setting. 
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}
{{< code-block lang="kotlin" filename="application.kt" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

    val sessionReplayConfig = SessionReplayConfiguration.Builder([sampleRate])
    .setTouchPrivacy(TouchPrivacy.HIDE)
    .build()
    SessionReplay.enable(sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}
{{< code-block lang="swift" filename="AppDelegate.swift" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

    let sessionReplayConfig = SessionReplay.Configuration(
        replaySampleRate: sampleRate, 
        textAndInputPrivacyLevel: textAndInputPrivacyLevel,
        imagePrivacyLevel: imagePrivacyLevel,
        touchPrivacyLevel: .hide
    )
    SessionReplay.enable(with: sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Show all touches

> With the `show` setting enabled, all touches that occur during the replay will be shown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `show` setting enabled, all touches that occur during the replay are shown. 
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}
{{< code-block lang="kotlin" filename="application.kt" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

    val sessionReplayConfig = SessionReplayConfiguration.Builder([sampleRate])
    .setTouchPrivacy(TouchPrivacy.SHOW)
    .build()
    SessionReplay.enable(sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}
{{< code-block lang="swift" filename="AppDelegate.swift" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

    let sessionReplayConfig = SessionReplay.Configuration(
        replaySampleRate: sampleRate, 
        textAndInputPrivacyLevel: textAndInputPrivacyLevel,
        imagePrivacyLevel: imagePrivacyLevel,
        touchPrivacyLevel: .show
    )
    SessionReplay.enable(with: sessionReplayConfig)

{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Legacy masking - Deprecated

> Please note that this masking API is deprecated and will be removed in a future version. Users are encouraged to migrate to the fine-grained masking options described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This masking API is deprecated. Users are encouraged to migrate to the fine-grained masking options described above.
```

### Mask only input elements

> With the `mask user input` setting enabled, any input field is replaced with anonymized text. Note that in addition to this, touches are hidden, and some images (>100x100dp images on android/non-system images on ios) are replaced with placeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `mask user input` setting enabled, any input field is replaced with anonymized text.

**Note**: In addition to this behavior, touches are hidden, and some images (>100x100dp images on Android/non-system images on iOS) are replaced with placeholders.
```
